Documentation Part 1: Getting Started and DocFinity 101. (#6)
uw-it-edm/document-api: docs/getting-started.md

# Getting Started

## Environments

Document-API is deployed to two environments, `Test` and `Prod` (resource URL's to be defined).

An early Dev access is available at `https://api.dev.concert.uw.edu/documents/` for testing and proof of concept.

## Authorization

Document-API sits behind a proxy that validates the requests to it are authorized. Requests are authorized by sending a client certificate as part of the request. Please consult with the EDM team on how to obtain an access certificate, which will be tied to an account in DocFinity with appropriate security access for your team.

## Request Headers

> In addition to certificate, all request must include an `x-audituser` header set to the NetID of the user making the request. **Please note** that the requests are not made on-behalf of the audit user, they are made with the security access defined by the DocFinity account created for you, but the audit user will be logged in the operations audit tables of DocFinity and is meant for tracking information only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to certificate, all request must include an `x-audituser` header set to the NetID of the user making the request. **Please note** that the requests are not made on-behalf of the audit user, they are made with the security access defined by the DocFinity account associated with the certificate, but the audit user will be logged in the operations audit tables of DocFinity and is meant for tracking information only.
```

Reviewer: Would the `x-audituser` be reflected as the `createdBy`attribute?
